[dashboard] Configurable defaults + UI dialogs for py-spy/memray profiling params (#64806)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/user-guides/debug-apps/debug-hangs.rst

   :width: 80%

Clicking "Stack Trace" will return the current stack trace sample using ``py-spy``. By default, only the Python stack
trace is shown. To show native code frames, set the URL parameter ``native=1`` (only supported on Linux). To make native
frames the default for every stack trace on the cluster, set the ``RAY_DASHBOARD_PROFILING_NATIVE_DEFAULT=1`` environment
variable on the Ray head node (see :ref:`Configuring profiling defaults <profiling-defaults>`). Because native frames add

> significant profiling overhead, prefer enabling it only when sampling the Python layer alone isn't enough.

Reviewer: Two style points on the added sentences, plus one that isn't yours.

The `(see :ref:...)` parenthetical is the pattern the style guide asks you to restructure, and "prefer enabling it only when" is hedged where a direct instruction reads better. Moving the cross-reference to its own sentence at the end also makes it the obvious next click. I kept the existing hard wrap so the diff stays tight, and left the `(only supported on Linux)` parenthetical on line 14 alone since it predates this PR.

```suggestion
trace is shown. To show native code frames, set the URL parameter ``native=1`` (only supported on Linux). To make native
frames the default for every stack trace on the cluster, set the ``RAY_DASHBOARD_PROFILING_NATIVE_DEFAULT=1`` environment
variable on the Ray head node. Native frames add significant profiling overhead, so enable them only when sampling the
Python layer alone isn't enough. See :ref:`Configuring profiling defaults <profiling-defaults>`.
```

Not from your diff, so there's nothing to click, but line 13 just above reads "Clicking "Stack Trace" will return the current stack trace sample" and the guide asks for present tense over "will" for things that are always true. "returns" would fix it if you feel like touching the line while you're here.

Author: Applied verbatim, including `will return` -> `returns` on line 13 while I was in there. Left the `(only supported on Linux)` parenthetical on line 14 alone, as you suggested.
